Geomap: Update Documentation (#53552)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/geomap/markers.md

---
aliases:
  - /docs/grafana/latest/features/panels/geomap/markers/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/panels/visualizations/geomap/markers/
description: Markers layer
keywords:
  - grafana
  - Geomap
  - panel
  - documentation
title: Markers layer
weight: 600
---

> 

Reviewer: missing an H1

The markers layer allows you to display data points as different marker shapes such as circles, squares, triangles, stars, and more.

![Markers Layer](/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-markers-8-1-0.png)

![Markers Layer Options](/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-markers-options-8-1-0.png)

- **Marker Color** configures the color of the marker. The default `Single color` keeps all points a single color. There is an alternate option to have multiple colors depending on the data point values and the threshold set at the `Thresholds` section.

> - **Marker Size** configures the size of the marker. Default is `Fixed size`, making all marker size the same regardless of the data points. However, there is also an option to scale the circles to the corresponding data points. `Min` and `Max` marker size has to be set such that the Marker layer can scale within this range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Marker Size** configures the size of the marker. The default is `Fixed size`, which makes all marker sizes the same regardless of the data points. However, there is also an option to scale the circles to the corresponding data points. `Min` and `Max` marker size has to be set such that the Marker layer can scale within this range.
```
